Add information on the Experimental attribute (#37735)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/attributes/general.md

In the following example, the `Obsolete` attribute is applied to class `A` and to method `B.OldMethod`. Because the second argument of the attribute constructor applied to `B.OldMethod` is set to `true`, this method causes a compiler error, whereas using class `A` produces a warning. Calling `B.NewMethod`, however, produces no warning or error. For example, when you use it with the previous definitions, the following code generates two warnings and one error:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/ObsoleteExample.cs" ID="Snippet1" interactive="try-dotnet" :::

The string provided as the first argument to the attribute constructor is displayed as part of the warning or error. Two warnings for class `A` are generated: one for the declaration of the class reference, and one for the class constructor. The `Obsolete` attribute can be used without arguments, but including an explanation what to use instead is recommended.

In C# 10, you can use constant string interpolation and the `nameof` operator to ensure the names match:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/ObsoleteExample.cs" id="Snippet2" :::

## `Experimental` attribute

> Types, methods, or assemblies can be marked with the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.ExperimentalAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> to indicate an experimental feature. The compiler issues a warning if you access a method or type annotated with the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.ExperimentalAttribute>. You can disable these warnings to experiment with an experimental feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Types, methods, and assemblies can be marked with the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.ExperimentalAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> to indicate an experimental feature. The compiler issues a warning if you access a method or type annotated with the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.ExperimentalAttribute>. You can disable these warnings to pilot an experimental feature.
```

Reviewer: Just avoids the double "experiment" word.

> [!WARNING]

> > Experimental features are subject to changes. The APIs may change, or they may be removed in future updates. Including experimental features is a way to get feedback on ideas and concepts for future development. Use extreme caution when using any feature marked as experimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Experimental features are subject to changes. The APIs may change, or they may be removed in future updates. Including experimental features is a way for library authors to get feedback on ideas and concepts for future development. Use extreme caution when using any feature marked as experimental.
```
